README.md, before:

## Welcome to Problem 

This is where ideas are been colated.

### Roles

- [Lease](./Lease.md)

- [Investor](./Investor.md)

- [Admin](./Admin.md)

- [Marketer](./Marketer.md)


### Products

- [Products](./Products.md)

- [Content](./Content.md)

- [Database](./Database.md)

### Platforms 

- Web

- Telegram bot/notification

- Whatsapp bot/notification

* use system to register 
* Enter number it checked if the user is on WhatsApp might send to WhatsApp and sms.
* Receive daily agricultural tips if one is a farmer on telegram
* If one is investor receive notification on plant growth
* Use tinder style of swap right or left to assign price is left you prompted to enter new price. Ones location has to be on. And filling up the products they interested in.

## Account

Use https://docs.blockradar.co/essentials/integrations to create account. usdc will be used for transaction. 

## Products

- realtime, public food pricing : use https://amis.co.ke/site/market as example. 


## Dreams

[Future](./Future.md)


### Tags of names

- Bringing the gap between agriculture and you.
- Let do the farming for you.
- let farm together

### How it work
1. bring the fund 
2. we farm for you
3. bring the farm product to you (subscription based for delivery)


### Problem 

Market - lagos, abujah, port
if news of flooding in north price go up. market union also decide price of farm product.

Commit message:

Update README.md: add additional context on produce loss and preservation issues

README.md, after:

## Welcome to Problem 

This is where ideas are been colated.

### Roles

- [Lease](./Lease.md)

- [Investor](./Investor.md)

- [Admin](./Admin.md)

- [Marketer](./Marketer.md)


### Products

- [Products](./Products.md)

- [Content](./Content.md)

- [Database](./Database.md)

### Platforms 

- Web

- Telegram bot/notification

- Whatsapp bot/notification

* use system to register 
* Enter number it checked if the user is on WhatsApp might send to WhatsApp and sms.
* Receive daily agricultural tips if one is a farmer on telegram
* If one is investor receive notification on plant growth
* Use tinder style of swap right or left to assign price is left you prompted to enter new price. Ones location has to be on. And filling up the products they interested in.

## Account

Use https://docs.blockradar.co/essentials/integrations to create account. usdc will be used for transaction. 

## Products

- realtime, public food pricing : use https://amis.co.ke/site/market as example. 


## Dreams

[Future](./Future.md)


### Tags of names

- Bringing the gap between agriculture and you.
- Let do the farming for you.
- let farm together

### How it work
1. bring the fund 
2. we farm for you
3. bring the farm product to you (subscription based for delivery)


### Problem 

Market - lagos, abujah, port
if news of flooding in north price go up. market union also decide price of farm product.

nigeria looses over 45% of farm produce before it get to the market. cold chain, no preservation
